yo what's going on guys LeBron here I've
got some more modern 142 for you guys
today this is a team deathmatch on we
sign for the battle 50 cal sniper rifle
think guys enjoy the gameplay i'm not
actually watch the back since i got it
so hopefully it's good i dunno what the
final score as though i think a golf
after 44 and I'm paley sure I'm doing
here to actually scratching my balls or
something but yeah I think my final
score was there to 44 and I think it's
very good game actually show sort of
fast-paced as you can see by the kind of
tame lane it's a fairly short team
deathmatch don't have a five minutes
long or something along those lines Emma
did get reaped by the p90 straight off
the bat the other guy my spin track and
I cross him up to get there that quickly
I wasn't really expecting at all to be
honest and but yeah he kind of shits all
of me but I do bring it back and pretty
sure with a nice little three piece here
i think i've not watched about like i
said so it excuse me if I'm wrong but
and I don't have a specific topic talk
to you guys about today I don't really
have anything I really want to kind of
get across here just kind of wanted to
have a little chat you guys in them I
don't just chilled a little commentary
here so hopefully enjoy although i did
want to say to you guys them at the
start here if you messed wrong cops
episode 15 which is actually the final
episode of this series of drum cops then
the link to is in the video description
i canna notice they can i've got a lack
of views last night posted it and i use
the YouTube scheduler and I mean that
thing's a piece of shit I'm never using
again ever because every time I use the
YouTube scheduler and it fucks me over
and it never ever publishes the videos
properly again from that so if you guys
messed drum cops episode 15 it's a
really funny episode it's not a funny
story from christoph and i'll put the
link to in the description and you can
check it it's really good thing you guys
enjoy and it is the final episode of the
series so if you want to if you want to
check it out but if you want to check
out go for it but i did want to see and
thanks to everyone who did support that
series and like really enjoyed it and
stuff it got so many good comments and
stuff and so many like people laughed at
and thought it was funny and all that
good stuff so I'm really really happy
with how it turned out and I probably
will do something like that again in the
future for more than 143 m so yeah
that's that pretty much you're probably
like drunk spec ops or some of that with
their some of the something online or I
don't even get one of you guys get
pitched with me which could be quite
funny and but yeah I did want to kind of
say to guys like at the start or not
least are here because we're kinda
halfway through but I did want to
mention this and I said I don't have a
specific topic but I've actually been I
actually did think about this am what's
that you guys like what you want to see
for
more than 1 for 3 or from me and modern
with you you shoulda see because
obviously games coming out really soon
and I've got I've got a really good idea
of what I want to do but I was going to
ask you guys if there was anything
specific you wanted to see as well and
because like at the moment I'm gonna be
focusing or when model for three comes I
will be focusing on Snape and stuff
which isn't something I've really done
in the past for a game this just came
out like normally when what like when
Black Hawks first came out I kind of
focused on doing like sort of high score
free throws and stuff of that like going
there in one and stuff with that with
like red guns a rather than sniper stuff
but I really want to kind of make sure
that I cannot get in in the sniper game
really do it earlier next time or this
time I didn't really start posting like
black ops sniper videos consistently
until they get january or fab you I'm
even marks or something like that when I
started posting like loads of sniper
videos all the time and I really want to
kind of get in on it early let's to make
sure you guys are getting like some
sniper videos from me straightaway so
people can in no that's what my channel
is going to be and look for that em and
hopefully hopefully people enjoy as well
and snipe like me but with returning as
well on the 8th November you guys will
see the first episode of snake like me
so that's a day of release of modern
warfare 3 so sure to check out because
you guys who do check it will have an
advantage over everyone else who's one
sleepin more than 150 because I'll have
played the game and I'll have told you
guys what the base classes are and stuff
with that and what I think of the
different sniper rifles and other good
stuff and there isn't i'm saying that is
because I kind of know someone who can
get in the game early and i'll be
getting on the feather November so I'll
played it for three days and you guys
will have three days experience over
everyone else if you watch my mice
enabling the episode one you also see a
data are many ties on that day as well
with some sniper clips so it will ask me
him getting a game early loads of people
are getting a early as not just me so
look at this guy gang-rape here fuck you
some and but yeah that's that's pretty
much my plans for Malta more 50 and I
mean I think it should be pretty cute
i'm really looking forward to the game
probably gonna be run my specialist
sniper streak sniper save streaks or
whatever I didn't know kill streaks or
does not shrink packages or some
bullshit like that but probably run
specialist sniper and support safer i
don't know if i'll be running assault
because and I don't know the other two
seem are especially support seems a bit
overpoured I probably or not just just
for the fun of it
but yeah that's that pretty much guys I
think I'm going to finish off your with
a nice little triple feed unfortunately
it wasn't a triple kill camp which would
have been sick but I started broking
trouble for the game there's a fourth
guy here actually kills me even though
the shoot Strictly's chest nice little
hit detection feel verra but i think the
thing a thing off a killcam our final
kills with my prince or anyways so if
you guys enjoyed the gameplay give a
thumbs up loan or you won't see for more
than one for three if it's something
other than what I've explained and I
knew that'd be awesome guys I've got a
quick I've got a cool idea for a series
I want to do as well other than snake
like me and involving you guys as well
so I'll tell you but I'll tell you a bit
more I bet more about thats already had
in the near future anyway that was a
theft of a four team deathmatch on
wasteland with about 50 Cal speak to you
guys soon thanks again for watching bye